README.md, before:

# TenebraStake

A stake node for the "cryptocurrency" [tenebra](https://tenebra.lil.gay).

## Options

| Option       | Description                                                             | Flag | Environment variable | Default                   |
|--------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|------|----------------------|---------------------------|
| Private key  | The private-key to connect to tenebra with                              | `-p` | `PRIVATE_KEY`        | None                      |
| Reconnecting | Will reconnect if the websocket disconnects. Will late submit if needed | `-r` | `RECONNECT`          | Disabled                  |
| Reconnecting | Will reconnect if the websocket disconnects. Will late submit if needed | `-s` | `SYNC_NODE`          | `https://tenebra.lil.gay` |

## How to use

Download the binary, and run it with `TenebraStake -p [myPrivateKey]`.

## Requirements

### Linux

OpenSSL 1.0.1, 1.0.2, 1.1.0, or 1.1.1 with headers

### Windows

Nothing!

### Mac

Nothing!

## Technical limitations

We use unsigned 32-bit integers, which means that you cannot submit more than 4 294 967 294 blocks.
Say you submit a block every minute, then you can run for about 8166 years before reaching the integer limit.
If you plan to run your tenebra staking node for more than 8166 years, without restart, consider using [TenebraStakeNode](https://github.com/PatriikPlays/tenebrastakenode/) by PatriikPlays.

## Todo

- [x] Basic functioning
- [ ] Reconnect
- [ ] Wait for keepalive packets
- [ ] Prometheus export?

Commit message:

feat: Docker I may have spent 5 hours on this

README.md, after:

# TenebraStake

A stake node for the "cryptocurrency" [tenebra](https://tenebra.lil.gay).

## Options

| Option       | Description                                                                     | Flag | Environment variable | Default                   |
|--------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------|----------------------|---------------------------|
| Private key  | The private-key to connect to tenebra with                                      | `-p` | `PRIVATE_KEY`        | None                      |
| Reconnecting | Will reconnect if the websocket disconnects. Will late submit if needed         | `-r` | `RECONNECT`          | Disabled                  |
| Sync node    | The tenebra node to connect to. You will in most cases not need to change this. | `-s` | `SYNC_NODE`          | `https://tenebra.lil.gay` |

## How to use

Download the binary, and run it with `TenebraStake -p [myPrivateKey]`.

### Docker

Docker images are automatically published to GitHub Packages.

## Requirements

The websocket and HTTPS parts of TenebraStake use native TLS.

### Linux

OpenSSL 1.0.1, 1.0.2, 1.1.0, or 1.1.1 with headers

### Windows

Nothing!

### Mac

Nothing!

### Docker

We got you covered!

## Technical limitations

We use unsigned 32-bit integers, which means that you cannot submit more than 4 294 967 294 blocks.
Say you submit a block every minute, then you can run for about 8166 years before reaching the integer limit.
If you plan to run your tenebra staking node for more than 8166 years, without restart, consider using [TenebraStakeNode](https://github.com/PatriikPlays/tenebrastakenode/) by PatriikPlays.

## Versioning

TenebraStake is versioned with my own proprietary versioning scheme known as `rewrite.major.minor`.
In major updates, it may be breaking. It rewrites, it will be breaking. Patch releases will not be intentionally breaking!

## Todo

- [x] Basic functioning
- [ ] Reconnect
- [ ] Wait for keepalive packets
- [ ] Prometheus export?
- [ ] Remove all stake on exit ( and add all stake on start )
